Block the deletion of entities from the bootstrap location in the unregister dialog and list the correct delete preview (#4147)
backstage/backstage: docs/features/software-catalog/well-known-annotations.md

type-dependent and could conceivably even be an empty string, but the separator
colon is always present.

### backstage.io/managed-by-origin-location

```yaml
# Example:
metadata:
  annotations:
    backstage.io/managed-by-origin-location: url:http://github.com/backstage/backstage/catalog-info.yaml
```

The value of this annotation is a location reference string (see above). It
points to the location, whose registration lead to the creation of the entity.
In most cases, the `backstage.io/managed-by-location` and
`backstage.io/managed-by-origin-location` will be equal. They will be different
if the original location delegates to another location. A common case is, that a
location is registered as `bootstrap:boostrap` which means that it is part of
the `app-config.yaml` of a Backstage installation.

### backstage.io/techdocs-ref

```yaml
# Example:
metadata:
  annotations:

>     backstage.io/techdocs-ref: url:https://github.com/backstage/backstage.git

Reviewer: This one is a bit different from the other locations. @backstage/techdocs-core is this change alright?

Reviewer 2: Hey! I think this should be 

```
url:https://github.com/backstage/backstage/tree/master
```

Default branch is not supported yet for GitHub, but it will be after https://github.com/backstage/backstage/pull/4120

Reviewer 2: Created https://github.com/backstage/backstage/pull/4147

type-dependent and could conceivably even be an empty string, but the separator
colon is always present.

### backstage.io/managed-by-origin-location

```yaml
# Example:
metadata:
  annotations:

>     backstage.io/managed-by-origin-location: github:http://github.com/backstage/backstage/catalog-info.yaml

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    backstage.io/managed-by-origin-location: url:http://github.com/backstage/backstage/catalog-info.yaml
```

...not sure, but should this prefix be URL? if not, ignore this feedback!

Reviewer 4: It should!

Author: This is wrong in the whole file. I'll fix it.

```

The value of this annotation is a location reference string (see above). It

> points to the location, which registration lead to the creation of the entity.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
points to the location, whose registration lead to the creation of the entity.
```

In most cases, the `backstage.io/managed-by-location` and

> `backstage.io/managed-by-origin-location` will be equal. It will be different if

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`backstage.io/managed-by-origin-location` will be equal. They will be different if
```

the original location delegates to another location. A common case is, that a

> location is registered via the `bootstrap:boostrap` which means that is part of

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
location is registered as `bootstrap:boostrap` which means that it is part of
```

> the `app-config.yml` of a backstage installation.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
the `app-config.yaml` of a backstage installation.
```

> the `app-config.yaml` of a backstage installation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the `app-config.yaml` of a Backstage installation.
```
